loud trial began
today in almaty kazakhstan
traffic cop against driver from
Bishkek human rights activist
Alexander Polenov is accused of publicly
insulting a government official
he filmed and uploaded to the Internet
Soros words mother with three
traffic inspectors wanted to call on
to the order of the law enforcement officers themselves
however now he faces a prison
conclusion
courtroom reporting though by the rules
two months ago the internet appeared
video recording
driver squabbled with the road
Kyrgyz policemen
human rights activist alexander burnt
considered that the inspectors
stopped him illegally but because
all camcorder change besides rf
some more cars
chairman of the board
as soon as using
it's easy
hospital
camcorder field it never removed a
on the contrary took everything and all these laid out without
bills and this fact eventually turned around
against him review the record
the police heard the driver back
inspectors in what dishes to them a month ago
alexander was detained and placed in
remand prison of Almaty for
this time spent human
expertise which proved that
claims of the offended
representative of authority is quite reasonable
statements her realize by his
According to him
not open sky
in a new house
he is not
sayings killed flashing lights
according to the head of the sgga Vladimir Litvin
Alexander himself is not blamed of his own guilt.
recognizes
he claims that the word bastards was
described not to policemen but to people
which at that moment passed him
cars and spat on the pavement explained
human rights activist one more thrown and words
mom pic it turns out just
just a person who communicates on
dating site but recruited direct
in the first quarter of this year
on conditions
share clarification which
gave flights at the first meeting
should be known in a week for
illegal actions by road
the cops face dismissal
insulting a government official
motorist can get up to a year
prisons
Tatyana Fedyaeva Ivan Potters Captain
Almaty